This is a README.md file for this code project : Automatic AWS Lambda Dummy Function Setup
written by sebistj, 25/01/23
last updated on, 27/01/23
version 1.0


# Automatic AWS Lambda Dummy Function Setup
# /auto_aws_lambda_setup

This project intends to, when invoked, automatically create an AWS Lambda function on the corresponding configured region.

Currently it has two invocation methods:


+ **auto_setup.sh**		| This function prompts the user to configure their AWS region and account.


+ **auto_run.sh**		| This function features parameters when invoking the script, with multiple configurations. Error checking.


+ **auto_run_simple.sh**	| This function runs the functions without parameters or intervention. Parameters are set within the script.


### Prerequisites:

These are the prerequisites that are required inorder to invoke the script as the script uses them to preform the function.


On the chosen region of AWS, the lambda function must not exist, even in cache (hidden from the dashboard / hidden from AWS ).

Futhermore, the role (IAM, Identity and Access Management, - Roles) that is generated by this function must not exist.

If there are errors while using this script and the role & lambda function do not exist, then creating the lambda function and deleting it would normally be able to fix this issue.

Note: it is better to delete the Lambda function before deleting the role.

+ **awscliv2**   | version 2 of AWS command line use (no dependency hell but installed through pip)
+ (old) **awscli**     | AWS command line use 
+ **python**     | python sdk
+ **python3**    | python3 sdk
+ **json**       | json sdk
+ **nodejs.14**	 | nodejs 14 sdk
+ **nodejs.16**  | nodejs 16 sdk
+  **nodejs.18** | nodejs 18 sdk
+ **java**	 | java sdk
+ (old) **jq** - to replace json words
+  git		 | git ??


### Commands:

This is a list of commands that are used within the project:

+ To start set up of the project:
	$ bash auto_setup.sh
	
	$ ./bin/auto_setup

+ Initiate the automated script (simple version):

        $ bash auto_run_simple.sh 

        $ ./bin/auto_run_simple 


+ Initiate the automated advanced script:

        $ bash auto_run.sh {param1} {param2}

        $ ./bin/auto_run {param ...}

	
	Parameters: 
	
	+ param 0: Region configuration
	+ param 1: Function name
	+ param 2: Role name
	+ param 3: ...



### Codebase Files required:

This is a list files from the codebase that are required for the project to run properly. 

+ /bin/			| This folder should contain all the executables for the project.
+ /scripts/		| This folder should contain all the scripts for the project.
+ /src/			| This is the source folder that should contain the project codebase.
+ /docs/		| This folder will contain all the relevant docs for the project.
+ /logs_folder/		| This folder contains all the logs generated from running the script.
+ /sed_folder/		| This folder is used by sed to write the ARN to temp file to be used. 
+ /arn_folder/		| This folder contains the role arn outputs.
+ /lambda_folder/	| This folder contains the different dummy lambda function codes & zip files.
+ /role_folder/		| This folder contains the different role configuration files represented as json.
+ /config_folder/	| This folder contains the data for configuring to the AWS account & region.
+ /test_folder/         | This folder contains the different testing methods & techniques.


### Files produced & Outputs:

These files are produced as an output as a result for running/successfully executing the script.

+ function_output	| This file contains the lambda function creation execution output
+ arn_file		| This file contains the arn datas for the created lambda objects
+ Lambda function	| An empty framework lambda function with all the configurations setup.
+ IAM role		| An IAM role that is used by the corresponding lambda function.


## Change Log:
         ___________________________________________________
        | Version |     Date     |  Name         |  Comment
        |_________|______________|_______________|___________
        |   0.1   | ??/11-12/22  |  concieved    | init project
        |_________|______________|_______________|___________
        |   0.2   |    25/01/23  |  git init     | git init
        |_________|______________|_______________|___________
        |   1.0   |    27/01/23  |  project init | versioning
        |_________|______________|_______________|___________
        |   1.1   |   02/02/23   |  m.v.p.       | working minimum viable product
        |_________|______________|_______________|___________
        |   1.2   |   unreleased |  working adv  | working advanced version
        |_________|______________|_______________|__________



## Back Log:

        [✓] created this...
        [x] finished implementation
        [x] working advanced version
        [✓] 30/01/23, uncommentted functions/features ... more documentation
	[✓] 02/02/23, working functions with distinguishable names
	[x] need params -> advanced version
	[x] other error checking
